docs: update docs to reflect usage of results (#207)
nomoixyz/vulcan: docs/src/modules/requests.md

# Requests

> The request module is inspired by the rust reqwest library. It provides a flexible API to interact

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The request module is inspired by Rust's `reqwest` crate. It provides a flexible API to interact
```
